1. What is a commit in Git?
A commit in Git represents a snapshot of your repository at a particular moment. It logs the modifications made to files and directories within the repository, enabling you to monitor the evolution of your project.

2. What is a branch in Git?
A branch in Git is an independent development path. It allows you to work on new features or
bug fixes without affecting the main codebase. Once the work is finished, branches can be
merged back into the main branch.

3. What is a pull request in GitHub?
A pull request in GitHub is a method of suggesting changes to a repository. 
It alerts others to the updates you've made to a branch and serves as a platform 
for reviewing and discussing the changes before they are integrated into the main codebase.

4. How do you initialize a new Git repository?
To initialize a new Git repository, you can use the following command:
git init
This command sets up a new Git repository in your current directory,
allowing you to start tracking your project's files. After running this command, 
you can begin adding files to the repository and making commits to track changes.

5. How do you clone a repository from GitHub?
To clone a repository from GitHub to your local machine, follow these steps:
Go to the repository you want to clone on GitHub.
Click the "Code" button and copy the repository’s URL.
In your terminal or command line, use the following command to clone the repository:
git clone <repository-URL>
This will create a local copy of the repository on your machine.

6. How do you stage changes for a commit?
To stage changes in Git before committing, follow these steps:
Use the git add command to stage files you want to include in your next commit.
You can add specific files or all changed files:
git add .
This prepares the files for the next commit. After staging, you can commit the changes to your local repository.

7. How do you push changes to a remote repository?
To push your local commits to a remote repository (e.g., GitHub), use the git push command. Here's how:
Make sure you're on the branch you want to push (e.g., main, feature-branch).
Use the following command to push your changes to the remote repository:
git push
For example, to push changes to the main branch:
git push origin main
